# Rdata4jamovi
Collection of R data sets as jamovi data files (.omv; incl. a data set
description in each file). The collection of data sets is based upon a
similar repository by Vincent Arel-Bundock
(https://github.com/vincentarelbundock/Rdatasets).


## What is this?
`Rdata4jamovi` contains 2264 datasets which were originally distributed
alongside the statistical software environment `R` and some of its add-on
packages. The goal is to make these data more broadly accessible for
teaching and statistical software development.

An overview over the available datasets (as HTML) is available here:
(https://vincentarelbundock.github.io/Rdatasets/articles/data.html)


## Adding data or having data removed
The datasets that are included here are based upon the list of imported
packages (i.e., packages published on the CRAN) in the repository by
Vincent Arel-Bundock (https://vincentarelbundock.github.io/Rdatasets).
Please open an issue in this repository () if you would like to add data
from a new package (once they are included in Vincent's repository, they
will be included here with the next release after this update).

If you own data that are included here and you object to their inclusion,
please follow the instructions at the end of the README file of Vincent's
repository (https://github.com/vincentarelbundock/Rdatasets) for having
them removed. You may write me an e-mail in addition so that I can trigger
an update of this module where the data in question aren't included.

This repository doesn't store the R packages containing the data sets
to be included in the final jamovi module. Instead, these packages are
downloaded and converted from the CRAN packages whenever there is a new
release of the module.


## License
The code in this repository is licensed under GPL-3 (assuming that most or
all CRAN packages are using this license).
